# Personal Portfolio

This project is a personal portfolio website showcasing my skills, services, and
projects. The goal is to present my professional experience and connect with
potential collaborators or clients.

---

## Setup

• To run the project, follow these steps: • Clone the repository. • Open the
index.html file in any browser. • Ensure the style.css file is linked correctly
for proper styling.

---

## user story

“As a visitor, I can navigate through the website to view services, projects,
and contact details so that I can understand the creator’s expertise and connect
with them.”

---

### Logic: user story

• Develop the website structure using **HTML**: • Add sections for navigation,
main content, services, projects, and contact information. • Ensure semantic
HTML tags are used for clarity and accessibility.

---

### Interface: user story

• Style the website using **CSS**: • Design a responsive navigation bar with
links to sections. • Style the “Services” and “Projects” sections with grid
layouts. • Add hover effects and animations for interactive elements.

---

### Interaction: user story

• **Implement user interactions**:

• Ensure navigation links scroll smoothly to the respective sections. • Add
clickable social media icons with links.

---

### Documentation: user story

• Document the project setup and structure: • Describe file organization and CSS
class usage. • Explain how to modify or add content.

---

## Features

## Navigation Bar

• **HTML**: • Add a header with nav and a tags for links. • **CSS**: • Style
with flex-box, adjust padding, and ensure responsiveness.

## Showcase Section

• **HTML**: • Add a section for introductory text and a call-to-action button. •
**CSS**: • Style with a large hero font, background image, and centered
alignment.

---

## Services Section

• **HTML**: • Create cards for each service with icons, headings, and
descriptions. • **CSS**: • Use a grid layout for proper alignment and add hover
effects.

---

## Projects Section

• **HTML**: • Add cards for each project with images, titles, and links for more
details. • **CSS**: • Style cards with shadows, borders, and responsive layout.

---

## Contact Section

• **HTML**: • Include cards for phone and email with icons. • **CSS**: • Style
with flex-box and add appropriate spacing.

---

## Footer

• **HTML**: • Add social media icons and copyright information. • **CSS**: •
Style with a centered layout and adjust font sizes.

---

## Notes

• Work on all features in a single branch for streamlined progress. • Keep the
code modular and well-documented to simplify future updates.
